This is a sample multi module gradle project to demo issues with artifactory gradle plugin:

- The genrated pom.xml misses entries for runtimeOnly dependencies.
  In the present example, demo-impl has compile dependency on demo-client & demo-client has runtimeOnly dependency on demo-api.
  Notice that the final pom.xml of demo-client generated by artifactory plugin is missing dependency entry for demo-api completely.
  As a result of this, runtime exception occurs while running demo-impl.

- This repo was setup to run with our internal Jenkins/Artifactory, followings has to be changed for this project to work with a different one:
  - Jenkisfile:
     1. ARTIFACTORY = credentials('jenkins-artifactory-creds') --> applicable Jenkins credentials to be used.
     2. Docker image to build has to be changed.
     3. The publish stage has to be updated to use: correct ArtifactoryURL, repositories (resolve/deploy) and Artifactory Creds.
  - gradle.properties: values to be set as applicable

- Steps to reproduce the issue:
  1. Deploy all the project through Jenkins to artifactory plugin.
  2. Try to run the demo-impl project with following command:
      gradle :demo-impl:run
  3. Verify the pom.xml of "demo-client" in artifactory server.


- Notes on jenkins-artifactory-plugin 
  - version: 2.16.1
  - IVY descriptor deployment is enabled by default.
  - artifactoryPublish doesn't seem to resolve inter module dependencies and that's why we need to execute the same twice (so that dependencies are already available while dependent artifact is being deployed).


